# Fix Kyocera Scanning
This is a PowerShell script that was created and used by me to help speed up the process in setting up a Kyocera printer's scanning option to a local Windows PC or workstation. This script may also be use to help setup SMB scanning options for other printers as well. The beauty of this script is that you can always use it to help troubleshoot or "RESET" the correct settings to allow for SMB scanning (ver. 2+), after you have setup a successful connection at the client side. 

<b>Please note:</b> this script assumes that SMB ver. 2+ is not disabled. For devices requiring SMB ver. 1, you must manually enable it as it comes with Windows disabled. Kyocera printers with 0 series uses SMB ver. 1 for scanning unless you setup FTP. 

## Reasons For Creating This Script
1. <b>Unity</b>: Ensures my colleague and I know exactly where to troubleshoot in case script fails or errors out. I've implemented error outputs in case there is a problem turning on a setting. 
2. <b>Redundancy</b>: I do this on a normal basis at work. It makes sense to automate possible-scripting tasks to a machine that can do it at a fraction of time.    
3. <b>Productivity</b>: The script is small in file size but can do the majority of the heavy lifting on the client's computer. It can be transferred to the client's computer within seconds. This especially helps while on remote with clients.  While on remote, depending on latency and how fast the client's computer is, I can normally setup the client's computer for scanning from the Kyocera printer within 5-15 minutes. This script can do it within seconds. One of my biggest motivation in creating this script is for clients that have a slower computer and internet connection. Setting up scanning for them can now be done at a fraction of time compared to before.  
4. <b>Efficiency</b>: This script eliminates human error during setup and troubleshooting. Ever setup something before and it doesn't work? Then you go back and realize you have forgotten to check one box or missed one simple setting? Well, I've ensured that human error does not happen when running the script. 
5. <b>Ease of Use</b>: This was another big motivation for me. Most of my clients cannot perform their duties without their Kyocera printer. If there is an issue with scanning, it would cause a delay for them. Some of them have asked me if there was an easier way for them to troubleshoot their own problems without having to contact us and wait for us to fix it for them. Some have also asked if I would go through the settings with them so that they may possibly learn. If we do what the script will do, there will be alot of steps to remember. Therefore, teaching them would not be effective as they will most likely forget where to go since they do not do this on a daily basis like I do. Thus, the script was created with the intention of the customer being able to simply double-click this file, run it, and the script will automatically set the correct settings for them. As a result, it has helped and continues to help the many customers that we have decrease and mitigate their down time when scanning problems do occur. 
6. <b>Easy to Modify</b>: Not every customer's network or computer environment are alike. I wanted something that I can easily customize later on if I needed to. While creating the script, I have ensured that it can be easily modify or customize any settings to any particular client's situation. Global variables and concrete documentation throughout the script ensures this. 
